Update ip commissioning docs. (#15591)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/ip_commissioning.md

connect -qr “[qr code]”
```

This will discover, connect over IP with the code from the QR and resolve.

### chip-tool

You can connect using chip-tool either using the setup codes or by discovering

> the device on the network using one of the mdns subtypes. To get a list of the

Author: ```suggestion
the device on the network using one of the mDNS sub types. To get a list of the
```
